This directory contains all the services related to the ARC1 storage system.
It has the following subdirectories:

ahash     - simple currently centralized metadata store used by the Librarian
librarian - the Librarian service handling files and collection
bartender   - the Bartender service providing high-level storage namespace
element   - the Storage Element service and a byteio service
gateway   - the Storage Gateway service and other services related to it
cli 	  - small basic CLI clients for the storage services
fuse      - FUSE interface to storage for mounting storage system

And has the following files:
client.py					- collection of python classes which can be used to talk to the services
common.py					- collection of python methods and classes used by more than one service
service.example.xml			- an example service configuration xml for HED
service.example.3SEs.xml	- an example service configuration xml for HED with 3 instances of the Storage Element
service.py					- a python superclass of service classes with common features
xmltree.py					- a python class for easy handling of simple XML structures	


Bit more detail about the main services:
- Hash: it is basically a (currently centralized but later distributed)
database service which is storing 'objects', where an 'object' is any
number of key-value pairs, where the keys are itself 2-tuples. so if you
have a 'dictionary' or a 'hashtable' or that kind of stuff which is
basically a list of key-value pairs, then you can store it here with a
unique ID and later you can retrieve or change it any time

- Librarian: it is a service which stores the global filesystem, all the
metadata of the collections and files. it does not store the actual
replicas of the file, just the metadata which contain the location of
the replicas. this service knows about Logical Names and GUIDs, and can
walk the logical namespace, traversing logical names, etc. (the Librarian
uses the Hash as database)

- Element: this service lives on a storage resource which is actually
storing the replicas of the files, and when a user wants to download or
upload a file, the actual data transfer is going directly to these
services. the Elements checks the health of their files, and report it
to the Librarian. they initiate replication if needed.

- Bartender: this service is the main front-end service of the storage,
the users connect to this, this provides a high-level user-friendly
interface for file and collection operations, every transfer must be
initiated by a Bartender service. it connects to Librarians to organize the
global logical namespace, it connects to Elements to initiate file
transfers.


Installation howto

After you've get the source code from the svn, you should run './autogen.sh' and './configure'.
The output of configure should be something like this:

[...]
Python binding:     yes (2.4)
[...]
Included components:
[...]
STORAGE service:    yes
[...]

Then you can do 'make' and 'sudo make install'.

TO BE CONTINUED...
